All right, let's look at case D. Remember to include the empty set.
So the empty set is also a set,
we'll compare how the model does when it has no features,
so that's this case right here and see
how that compares to when it gets feature zero, as input.
Calculate the prediction of a model that uses feature zero, which is this,
also calculate the prediction of the model that uses no features,
which is here, and then we're going to calculate the difference.
So everything's quite similar as before except here when you have no features,
you don't actually need to create an instance of the model,
you can just calculate the prediction that the model would take.
So, go ahead and try it out,
everything else is about the same,
and when you're done, please check out the solution video.